## 4.  UI Development

Head on over to [Issue #100](https://github.com/BanjoFox/aardwolf/issues/100) where you can discuss this further and contribute your help.

Most of the UI development (at least for now) can be done independently of the Rust/backend development.  In fact a separate repository has been created for any individual that would like to focus on HTML/CSS/Front-end type activities (we have non-technical ones too ;D trust me).
The [aardwolf-interface](https://github.com/BanjoFox/aardwolf-interface) repository is where that work is being tracked (mostly).  It is very likely that this repository will remain as a permanent project fixture.  Even as features are ported over to the main repository it will still be nice to have a place for people to test layouts.

/templates -- is where the bulk of the Tera-syntax HTML lives.  Please feel free to use filler-text for testing layouts.  
/web -- is where the static assets should reside.

Hopefully the sub-folders are self-explanitory...(unlikely x.X, but will fix later)

### Tera Syntax (40,000-foot-view)

Reusable text that goes into the Language/translation files looks like this: 
'''{{ variable_name }}'''

Templates can be included as part of another page (think PHP include()) as such:

'''{% block file_name %}{% endblock file_name %}'''
Where file_name is the actual name of the *.html.tera file.  File paths are not required (IIRC) because Rocket will find them.
You can also have "fallback" html for those times when a block becomes broken:

'''
{% block new_post %}
  <p>This will render even if "new_post" will not!</p>  
{% endblock new_post %}
'''

Tera documentation is found here:
[Tera Templates](https://tera.netlify.com/docs/installation/)
