## 1.  E-mail Functionality

Head on over to [Issue #87](https://github.com/aardwolf-social/aardwolf/issues/87) where you can discuss this further and contribute your help.

!!! This needs major clean-up !!!

*** Updated ***

[Mailstrom](https://crates.io/crates/mailstrom) will need to be started in the run function in lib.rs, and in all likelihood, it will have some state that needs to be managed with rocket::manage https://docs.rs/rocket/0.4.0-rc.1/rocket/struct.Rocket.html#method.manage

Then, in the confirmation function in auth.rs, the managed state will need to be accessed, and the email will need to be queued into mailstrom
banjofox: it may be useful to have a confirmation failed template
On success, email confirmation redirects to /auth/sign_in, but on failure, it should render "Error confirming email"
or something like that

for creating templates, we have three examples of top-level templates:

aardwolf-templates/templates/home.rs.html,
aardwolf-templates/templates/sign_in.rs.html,
aardwolf-templates/templates/sign_up.rs.html,
The account verification error page should also be a top-level tempalte, so look at those for help

any information that needs to be dynamically passed to the template needs to be built in a struct somewhere in aardwolf-templates/src/, probably in a file called verification_error.rs
and that file will need to be included in aardwolf-templates/src/lib.rs the way the rest of the top-level templates are included

there a a couple examples of rendering a template in aardwolf-rocket/src/routes/auth.rs already, so whoever tackles this issue can look around in that file for examples


*** Historical info ***
Ideally, Aardwolf will be able to send SMTP messages without having to resort to an external mailer daemon (Postfix, Sendmail, Etc).  There are several libraries on [Crates.io](https://crates.io), such as Mailstrom, and Lettre, that should be able to provide this functionality.  E-mails received should include the full URL in both clickable, and plain text (copy/paste) format.  Using a basic template for formatting would be ideal, but is not required for the minimum viable alpha release.

*Current State*
Currently when a user creates an account, the auth_token is generated, and sent to STDOUT.  This means that someone has to log into the server occasionally, and manually copy/paste the auth_token URL's in order to authorize new accounts.  

-- Do we want SMTP functionality to be "outbound only".  
-- Is there a reason why we might need to receive e-mails?


